Fix typo in web/api/response/status (#44579)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/response/status/index.md

{{APIRef("Fetch API")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`status`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Response")}} interface contains the [HTTP status code](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status) of the response, e.g., `200` for success or `404` if the resource could not be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`status`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Response")}} interface contains the [HTTP status code](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status) of the response.

For example, `200` for success or `404` if the resource could not be found.
```
